You wanted to see me?
Yeah, come on in and go ahead
and close the door, please.
Thanks for coming up.
Yeah, absolutely.
Ben, all of your projects have come in
on schedule and under budget.
We’re really impressed, and we want
to move you up to the management team.
Wow!
Now, you’ll head up
the whole division to start.
Management team
—I liked the sound of that,
not to mention the pay raise and the bonuses.
It did sound like a lot more work,
but Victor was so positive.
There may be a little overtime
here and there,
but I wouldn’t worry about it
—not with your skill.
He told me I could think
about it before deciding.
But come on, this was a no-brainer.
The new position was great!
And the money—well,
that wasn’t too bad either.
It was exciting
to work directly with clients,
but the hours
were crazy.
It’s been said that the easy thing to do
and the right thing
to do are seldom the same.
We see an example of this
in this week’s Bible reading.
True worship,
the right thing, was not easy
but required hard work.
King Hezekiah demonstrated
his zeal for Jehovah’s worship . . .
So our question for the audience is,
How could we explain this to someone?
Ava, please.
Most nights, I was wiped out.
All around the world,
many people wonder if life has any purpose.
And I have to admit
that even when I wasn’t working, . . .
I’m so sorry.
Can you take this door for me?
Twenty minutes.
I was working.
OK.
We’re really impressed, and we want
to move you up to the management team.
Wow!
Now, you’ll head up
the whole division to start.
Victor’s offer really took me by surprise.
And wow!
The perks were tempting!
But I knew there was a lot at stake,
so I told him I’d talk to Lisa
and get back to him tomorrow.
What was this job going to mean
for our spiritual goals?
Would we still be able
to keep our life simple?
Were we ready to trade
our time together as a family
for more money?
The next day,
I told Victor how much
I appreciated the opportunity
but felt that it just wasn’t
the right fit for our family.
Money was tight, but we were OK.
We had what we needed.
Saying no to that promotion
meant holding off on a few upgrades,
but it also meant more time
for meeting preparation, . . .
Thank you, Brother Miller.
Let’s go on and look at the—
. . . more time for the ministry,
and more time
for each other.
Hey, Ben, it looks like you forgot
to sign off on a job order.
Actually,
these failed that quality inspection.
Remember?
Yeah, by like two tenths of a point.
Yeah, I already talked to Steve
about replacing the components,
and we’re going to get that order adjusted,
and I’ll have a new one for you
on your desk tomorrow afternoon.
Ben,
there’s no time for that.
This is a huge account.
If you don’t sign off on this,
you’d be hurting the whole company.
What?
Victor, I’m-I’m not sure
that I’m really comfortable
bypassing the inspection when . . .
Ben, I’m not asking you to tell some big lie.
This is a technicality.
Remember, a good quarter
means good bonuses for everyone
—including you.
I didn’t want to do it,
but the last thing that Lisa and I needed
was for me to lose my job.
I really didn’t have a choice.
If you lie, they can’t believe you.
And they might not . . .
I kept telling myself
that it was no big deal.
All lies are bad, even little ones.
One lie leads to another,
and they cause much harm.
It’s simple, right?
Jehovah’s people always tell the truth.
Hey, Javi.
Hey, Ben.
How are you doing?
Good.
How’s the job going?
Oh, the machine is running great!
Ben, I did have a question
on the specs for the Harrison job.
Can we take a quick look?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Uh, let’s see here.
Need a hand?
No, I’m good.
I just . . .
Oh, no!
What happened, guys?
We got—we got to do something!
Um, disconnect . . .
OK.
Yeah, yeah, get it going.
Dead
—I’m pretty sure it’s dead.
I would just say that it stopped working.
Whatever you do,
don’t tell Victor what happened.
We just got this set up last month.
Why would it just stop working?
It could happen.
Oh, you can actually smell
the coffee.
I’ll talk to Victor.
Don’t throw yourself under the bus, Man!
We’ll help you get this cleaned up.
No one will have to know.
This is one of the most expensive
units in the shop.
If you take the blame,
you’re just making yourself look bad.
No.
It’s OK.
It was a mistake.
I’ll explain it.
We need to get this back online.
In the end, I think Victor
actually appreciated my honesty.
And he wasn’t the only one.
Mark had some questions,
and we had a great discussion.
The company took on new clients this year,
and I knew that Victor
was really depending on me
to keep things on schedule.
I didn’t want to let him down,
so I stepped up
and took on the overtime hours.
I figured it was temporary,
and I even got to take home
a bigger paycheck.
The problem is
that that’s not all I took home.
By the end of each week, I was burned-out.
And the weekends
—well,
they weren’t really any better.
In fact, I spent a lot
of Saturdays back at the office.
The project took a lot longer than I thought.
That pretty much took out field service
and the meetings.
But I knew that management
would be impressed.
That machine is essential
so that I can get the parts out.
I got the reports in right on time.
Look!
This is costing a lot of money.
I have a first quarter that I have to meet,
and without this,
it’s going to—it’s going to kill me.
You know we had a contract
that you’re supposed to—
Like I said,
I don’t care about your third-party vendors.
This is unacceptable.
I was working harder than ever,
and in the end,
I’m not sure anyone even cared.
It had been a busy week,
but the weekend was going to be even busier
and better!
But first, I needed to make
an important stop.
Oh, it’s Ben.
Come in!
Oh, it’s so good to see you.
You too.
Hey, John,
how are you feeling?
Ben, how are you doing?
Good.
Well, I’m so glad . . .
This illness had been so hard
on John and Sandy.
I couldn’t even imagine
what they were going through.
It was so encouraging
to see John’s positive attitude.
The next day,
we had a fantastic conversation
in the ministry.
Then Tom and I
finally figured out that glitch
in the A/V system.
OK, Tom, go ahead and hit play.
It’s playing.
OK.
All right!
Yes!
Whew!
Everything looked and sounded great!
We definitely were busy
but in the best way possible,
doing things that really mattered
and for people who love Jehovah.
And, believe me,
that’s not the only dirt I have on Victor.
OK, we’re listening.
So last week,
he’s talking in his office, right?
And he has no idea
that I’m standing right there,
and he’s bragging
to his buddy . . .
I really didn’t want to hear this.
Lunch with them seemed harmless,
but this was anything but upbuilding.
Hey, hey, check out these guys.
It’s the Bible people.
Uh-oh.
Don’t look now!
I think they have someone.
They might try to convert us too!
What is the deal with these people?
I mean, it’s cool
if you want to believe
in fairy tales and everything,
but keep it to yourself,
right?
Exactly!
Absolutely!
Well, . . .
And those carts are everywhere now!
They’re all over the city.
I couldn’t finish my lunch.
I had never noticed
how sarcastic and negative
my coworkers could be.
I had always thought of them as,
well, as friends.
But what kind of friends was I making?
I was so glad
I had taken a day off from work.
How long had it been since Lisa and I
got to spend a whole day together
in midweek service?
Lisa started a Bible study.
And we got to share our day
with good friends
—people like Sam and Chloe.
They’ve really been there for us
through the ups and downs.
Look at that!
Ben,
is that you?
What are you doing over there?
Did you guys know about this?
I don’t know where we’d be
if Jehovah hadn’t helped us
to keep our priorities straight
—keeping our life simple,
having a clean conscience,
staying focused on work
that has real meaning,
and having real friends.
What more can you ask for?